Reason For Exam
elevated dimer, chest pain, SOB
Report
INDIANA UNIVERSITY HEALTH MEDICAL GROUP RADIOLOGY REPORT EXAM: CTA Chest Pulm Embolism W/IV Contrast DATE: 09/27/2025 07:56 hours INDICATION: elevated dimer, chest pain, SOB; elevated dimer, CP, SOB COMPARISON: Chest radiograph 9/27/2025. TECHNIQUE: CTA imaging of the chest was obtained with IV contrast.
Pulmonary embolism protocol was utilized. 3-D MIP and/or volume rendered reconstruction was performed and images were saved to PACS. This facility uses radiation dose reduction techniques including at least one of the following: automated exposure control, dose modulation, and/or iterative reconstruction.
65 ml of Isovue-370 (iopamidol) were administered FINDINGS:
The study was performed using a pulmonary artery/pulmonary embolism
protocol. PULMONARY ARTERIES: Diagnostic opacification; no evidence for acute pulmonary embolus.
INCIDENTAL:
Lower Neck: No pathologically enlarged lymph nodes. No suspicious mass or nodule in the imaged thyroid. Vasculature: Normal caliber of the thoracic aorta. Heart: No findings to suggest RIGHT heart strain. Cardiomegaly. Mediastinum and Hila: No pathologically enlarged lymph nodes. The
esophagus is grossly normal in appearance. Lungs: No acute pulmonary disease is present. Tracheobronchial Tree: Trachea and mainstem bronchi are patent. Pleura and pleural space: Negative for pleural effusion. Negative for
pneumothorax.
Chest Wall and Axilla: No acute findings. No axillary adenopathy. ICD present in the left chest wall. Bones: No acute findings.
Patient: 1of 2
Upper Abdomen: Evaluation of soft tissues is limited phasing of contrast.. Prior cholecystectomy.
IMPRESSION:
1.
Negative for pulmonary embolism.

2.
No acute findings in the chest.

3.
Moderate cardiomegaly.

Thank you for consulting our team of subspecialty radiologists at IU Health Medical Group Radiology. Please contact us at 317-962-XRAY (317-962-9729) with any questions.
I, Shereef Ramadan have personally reviewed the image(s) and the prepared and signed interpretation by Madeline Hoover. Based on my review, I agree with the findings.
Electronically Signed by: Ramadan, Shereef Dictated on: 9/27/2025 8:22 AM
Signature Line
This examination and reported findings have been reviewed and confirmed by the undersigned.
Read By: Ramadan, Shereef,  MD Dictated By: Hoover, Madeline C, MD, Resident
I authorize my name to be Electronically affixed by using my unique signature access code.
Click VIEW IMAGE icon to Display Image
This document has an image
Patient: 2of 2
